Issue fixes for data.frame check and file check (#5)
uclahs-cds/package-iSubGen: README.md

## Overview

The purpose of integrative subtype generation (iSubGen) is to provide a framework for subtype discovery 

> based on the relationships between molecular aberration profiles, including mRNA, single nucleotide variants (SNV), copy number alterations (CNA), _etc._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
based on the relationships between molecular aberration profiles such as mRNA, single nucleotide variants (SNV), copy number alterations (CNA), _etc._
```
